Not you to slow the rest of your libraries and this will be done in two steps.
First of all you need to install those libraries into the robot operating system itself and then we
need to generate get those libraries for the agreeno in that system.
OK so let's see how it works.
So this is the reference page for the rest of the protocol in tweaky which is available in the web site.
We trust that Oracle slush said you can hear more information about it even if in the specification
of the protocol itself.
And also you can access that to Tony page for the whole city of you know what we say in the following
videos.
So the first thing you need to do is to install Arduino.
And this was also to install a serious software.
So as you mentioned the first step is to use Rosetti into this workstation.
And this is done using sudo.
It didn't get installed Ross and neither version are safe.
Actually I have already installed my system so I think it's going to happen but if you don't have it
on your system it's going to install it and then you have to also install Rosetti.
It's a great plan.
I have also installed in my system.
So after doing this installation we are able to have access to the package or serial Python.
We should present the server in the workstation site that is going to intercept messages coming from
the embedded system.
Now the second step is actually to generate libraries for the embedded system.
Now looking at the Adreno find that if you go to libraries OK these are the available levers for the
moment.
We don't have any library related to us so we may first read this literally and then put it inside the
Lebanese folder.
So the way to do it would be to go to the folder then the libraries.
Make sure that we don't have any reason to keep it here.
We don't have any library for the moment that we can use reverse.
OK let's run for another.
Let me know if you are on the rise eco system.
And then it release for that we run a restaurant or city and Adreno make libraries that buy it and you
have to specify the location so that Miss the current location then it's going to generate for us all
the libraries needed to program with us into another we know what.
So let's look now at the library's folder.
Now we have a new folder that was added.
It's called trust.
And this seemed to represent the whole roast system adapted or the original platform.
OK so you can see now these are the headers files for the operating system and you can have different
type of messages.
It is supposedly arguido like Turkel but the messages are to see the notes of different packages which
are not adapted for agreeno platform.
Ok by doing so now we have Rowse already integrated into the ID of Avino and now it is possible to develop
a program adapted for the agreeno platform.
Now we can argue no and use your examples we have examples integrated for robot operating system and
in the next video I'm going to start with the Hillward example.
So at this stage we have everything that not to develop plus program for the argument platform and then
connected to a workstation in the next video.
I'm going to show how we can upload those programs to you know how to run them using less in the workstation.